(Parental guidance advised...)
(for viewers under the age of 12.)
(1hour before situational outbreak)
(It's a peaceful morning at the twin's.)
(What's with their hair?)
Their new hairstyle doesn't seem unfamiliar.
They once woke up to a new bowl cut.
(They've been maintaining it as a yearly custom.)
This was the second lovely bowl cut.
The bangs used to be straighter.
The third bowl cut looks mischievous.
This year, they look a bit more grown up.
- Mom. - Yes?
- Open this for us, mom. - Can we have a bite...
of the chocolate bun?
- It'll be mealtime soon. - Just one bite.
(He makes an ardent request.)
I'll just take a bite.
Me too.
Just one bite, okay?
(They received approval.)
Let's share it. I want a bite too.
You have to make sure to eat during mealtime.
- Both of you, okay? - All right.
(Seo Jun takes one bite.)
(Devouring)
(Now, this is it.)
(He becomes infatuated over the bun.)
(To Seo Eon, it's very special.)
He fatefully encountered it first at Vietnam.
(He had it for the first time at Vietnam.)
Seo Eon is in love with chocolate buns.
It's even present in his dreams.
Since then, his fondness for it has been constant.
(Licking)
Come eat now, Seo Eon.
(He responds to his mom's call.)
(But he heads to the bedroom instead?)
Seo Eon.
Stop eating and come over.
(My bread can rest on my bed.)
- Thank you for the meal. - Okay.
You mix it all up first...
(Taking a big bite)
Bring your head closer for the bite.
- I need to go pee. - Okay. Go ahead.
- This is hot. - Blow on it.
(Seo Eon's footsteps are urgent.)
(Why did he pass the bathroom?)
(Sweet and savory, kimchi plus chocolate bread)
Finish your food before you go.
Thank you for the meal.
(30 minutes ago)
(Is there anything fun to do?)
(Are you up to mischief?)
(I'm going to hurry back to my chocolate bun.)
All right. Eat the kimchi now.
The Return of Superman, episode 202.
"Our Sweet Relationship".
(They are fixated on a cartoon after eating.)
Be well, okay?
(Don't worry, mom.)
(Their 48 hours without their mom begins.)
(Gosh. It's so noisy.)
(5 minutes before situational outbreak)
I'm going to air out the room,
so don't close the window.
Okay.
Stop watching TV now.
You've watched it non-stop since before mom left.
(Then, how should I play now?)
Stop watching TV now.
(He chooses to play with toys instead.)
Seo Eon discovers Seo Jun's chocolate bun.
(Oh, that's right. I have some too.)
Chocolate bun time.
(My dear, chocolate bun)
But where has Seo Eon's chocolate bun gone?
(It has vanished without a trace.)
Daddy.
Seo Eon's chocolate bread has disappeared.
Where's my chocolate bun?
(Where have you gone?)
Seo Jun's is the only one left.
(Seo Jun's chocolate bun)
His look hides an ulterior motive.
The chocolate bun has disappeared.
No one else has entered the house.
The only possible culprit is either dad and Seo Jun.
Who ate my chocolate bun?
It wasn't me.
(You didn't eat it?)
(Well, I did take a bite.)
Did you lose something, Seo Eon?
My chocolate bun.
Chocolate bun?
Where did you put it?
It was in the bedroom, but it's gone.
The bedroom?
Seo Jun, help him find it.
I don't want to.
- What? - I don't want to.
(Why is he refusing to help?)
Well, you should still help him.
I don't want to.
(Seo Jun appears at the scene of the crime.)
(Something seems to occupy his mind.)
Hey, Seo Eon.
Was your bun new?
(Nodding side-to-side)
Was it leftovers?
(You should know since we got it together.)
(Seo Jun suddenly fetches his own bun.)
Here.
(Here)
(What's going on?)
(What's up with the troublemaker today?)
Did you try looking for it everywhere, Seo Eon?
Yes.
(It still remains missing.)
(Then, perhaps...)
Are you sure you didn't eat it, Dad?
Me? You think I'd eat your bun?
Think about it, Seo Eon.
(Is Hwi Jae the culprit?)
If I really ate your bun,
then I'll do everything you want today.
But it wasn't me.
Really?
Of course.
The uncle in the playroom is chewing something.
(What?)
The three cameramen are extra suspects.
(Walking quickly)
Open your mouth.
(Open your mouth.)
(Peeking inside)
(This forensic detective uses his five senses.)
(I don't catch a hint of chocolate.)
Uncle, did you eat my chocolate bun?
I didn't eat it.
(He storms the tent for a search.)
I really didn't eat it.
Open your mouth.
(Sniffing)
(Something smells familiar.)
(Flaring)
I smell dried squid.
Did you eat dried squid?
Yes, I did.
You guessed right.
(Detective Seo Eon, sniffing expert)
(Final cameraman)
(He sniffs away.)
(This smell...)
- Is that mango juice? - Yes.
He said he had mango juice.
(His olfactory abilities are top notch.)
If none of them ate it,
where could the bun have gone?
It's not here.
(Tag team)
(Seo Eon gradually becomes drained.)
I found it.
- What? - I found it.
(He found it.)
Where was it?
It was in the fridge.
(It's an emotional reunion with the bun.)
Thank him. You should give him a hug.
Thank you.
(Thank you.)
Hi-five. Good job.
(The case of the missing bun, solved)
But how did this end up in the fridge?
I don't know.
Well, mom gave them to us.
Maybe she put it in.
Can I call mom?
Sure. Shall we ring her up?
(This sure tastes good.)
Hello? Seo Jun?
Mommy.
Yes, Seo Eon?
Did you put the chocolate bun into the fridge?
Yes. Earlier,
I placed it in there in case it melts...
or gets ruined.
She put it in there to make sure it didn’t melt.
(She discovers the bread on top of the bed.)
(That is how it ended up in the fridge.)
Mommy.
Thank you for looking after it.
(He tears up.)
I love you, mommy.
I love you too, Seo Eon.
The three siblings visit Jeonju's Nambu Market.
It's hot. Be careful.
None of these have been seasoned.
Make sure to put in the pickled shrimp.
Take a look. This is sundaeguk.
You're eating well, Si An.
You all have mature taste buds.
(Si An has gained a taste for sundaeguk.)
(Gobbling away)
- Daddy. - Yes?
This is so good.
It's very tasty?
You eat kkakdugi?
- Do you want more? - Soo A and Seol A...
don't wash their kkakdugi.
Really?
(She gently places the red-hot piece on top.)
(The trio really know how to eat.)
You sure know how to eat.
I don't worry about you Soo A.
I don't worry about taking you around at all.
All right. Let's all sit.
Okay, take a seat.
Everyone, take a seat.
These are filled with 5-dollar bills.
This is five dollars, right?
You can buy whatever you want.
But it must all stay below 5 dollars.
How about me?
I have one for you too.
How much is in here, Si An?
Five dollars.
- Five dollars. - There you go.
That's a lot of money for you guys.
Daddy, I want to hurry and shop.
All right. Let's go.
Just remember that I'm always watching you.
I'm always watching, okay?
I'm watching you, like this.
- Okay. - All right.
Okay, be on your way now.
Buy what you want.
You don't have to get me anything.
You don't have to buy me a gift.
- Really? - Yes.
Let's go over there where the gifts are.
Where did Soo A the Eater choose for her first stop?
(She arrives at a slushie shop.)
Would you like one of these?
What design would you like?
This one?
She'd definitely choose a sweet snack.
(Give me a lot, please.)
(And what is that?)
How much was that?
- 4 dollars. - 4 dollars?
4 dollars.
Thank you.
Seol A and Soo A spend their money in one go.
(This is tasty.)
But it's good to see them sharing.
(Si An is still browsing.)
I want to...
eat something tasty.
What is that?
Is it fish? Is it a shark?
(Hello. I'm a pollack.)
(What kind of place is this?)
(He visits a clothing store.)
Should I buy something for Mommy?
(Looking about)
Hello.
Hello. Aren't you Daebak?
- I'm Si An. - You're not?
- I'm Si An. - Si An?
Who's that?
(No, that's not it.)
(You're so cute.)
You're so cute.
- Hello. - Hello there.
What are these?
They're sweet potato stalks.
Sweet potato stalks.
- Sweet potato stalks? - Yes.
Where are you from?
- I came from over there. - From over there?
Thank you for paying me a visit.
(What's over here?)
(He discovers a market.)
(He bops about thinking of chocolate.)
(He keeps going without pausing.)
Here it is.
(He has acquired a chocolate.)
I can hear the chocolate inside.
- How much is it? - A dollar and 50 cents.
I have the money in here.
(He opens his wallet for the first time.)
Is that from your mom?
- My dad gave it to me. - Your father? I see.
Here you go.
- Thank you. - Bye.
(He sits himself at an in-store table.)
I should eat it here before I go.
It's chocolate.
(Shall I give it a taste?)
(Bump)
(Feeling urgently flustered)
(He employs his armpit.)
(He pushes it back with his elbow.)
(Humans must use tools.)
Why isn't this...
staying on top?
(He eventually uses his hand.)
(How about this time?)
(He scores by lowering his head.)
This is good.
(He is full of happiness.)
I should finish it before Dad sees it.
(He enjoys his 1-dollar-and-50-joy.)
(He even scrapes it clean.)
I'm done.
(He even recycles.)
I should go back to Daddy now.
Hey, Si An.
Si An.
I found daddy.
It's not me.
- It's you, daddy. - It's not.
- It's not. - Daddy.
You're right. It's me.
What did you buy? Let's see it.
What did you buy?
It's a secret.
What's a secret. Come over here.
No. Do you have money?
- Come sit here. - I want to eat this.
No, you don't have money.
- I have money. - Sit over here.
I have money right here.
You still have a lot of money left.
Excuse me.
- Can I get one? - Don't ask me for help.
Do you have four dollars?
(It's not possible with 3 dollars and 50 cents.)
- You need another dollar. - It's not enough.
- Ask the owner. - You need four dollars.
- 4 dollars? - Yes, 4 dollars.
I'm sorry.
(I wanted it.)
- What's for two dollars? - That would be this.
You can have this. This one's possible.
I just need two of these.
Two.
Hey, Si An.
What did Seol and Soo A go to buy? Where are they?
They must be spending all their money.
This is too cold.
It's too cold?
- It's too cold. - It's too cold.
Gosh. It's cold.
(Meanwhile, the sisters return.)
How much do you have left?
(It's counting time.)
I have the same amount.
I have what's left over.
Is that leftover change?
I have a lot left over.
(Where is it?)
(Feeling nervous)
I don't have mine.
- What did you lose? - My ring.
Wear it.
(Soo A's ring...)
(On their past birthday)
(Dong Kook prepared a chicken-shaped cake.)
(What is that?)
For their birthdays, they received...
handcrafted rings made by Dong Kook.
She wore it earlier. Where did it go?
I gave it to you for your birthday.
Right?
Is it in your pocket?
There's a hole in your pocket.
(Oh, no.)
Give me your ring.
It looks like this. Take a good look.
It looks like this.
You saw it right, Si An?
We'll head this way...
so you head that way, Si An.
Tell me if you find it.
I'll go find it.
(He searches every corner thoroughly.)
(He employs a hand magnifying glass.)
(He searches every nook and cranny.)
Did it fall in there?
It's not here. I thought it might be here.
(Meanwhile, what are the sisters doing?)
Where is it?
(Where can it be?)
Have you not seen a ring?
A ring? I haven't seen it.
- This one. - You're wearing it.
It looks like this.
Go ask your mom to get you another one.
(Sighing)
(What if I can't find it?)
(Si An takes a bathroom break.)
(Cameraman says, "Are you going to pee?")
(He does his business with his help.)
(I'm off to search for the ring again.)
(What's this?)
I found it.
Soo A dropped it here.
This is Soo A's.
How did it end up here?
I should head back now.
This is exciting.
I found it.
(Feeling excited)
Hey, Si An.
- I found it, Daddy. - Where was it?
It's over here.
- Who found it. - I did.
Did you now?
There it is. You really found it.
(Here is the ring.)
(Feeling proud)
I found it over there.
- They're back. - Did he find it?
(Take the ring, Soo A.)
Is it not this one?
- I found it. - Si An found it.
Soo A, give him a hug.
(Thank you, Si An.)
Where did you find it?
It was near the bathroom.
He found it near the bathroom. Sit here.
There's the bathroom.
(Seol A stopped by earlier.)
(She took it off briefly to wash her hands.)
It went into the pocket but fell out the hole.
You took it off to wash your hands.
It must've fallen then.
I found it near the bathroom.
- Thank you, Si An. - This...
(What is William doing this morning?)
Shall we meet William,
who is doing his morning exercise?
Hey, William.
(Let's exercise properly.)
(This trampoline promotes...)
(early height growth and athleticism.)
Can you do it?
(I'm ready, Coach Sam.)
There you go. Hold on tightly not to fall.
Jump.
(Jumping)
(He bounces with his little bottom.)
Up and down.
(Jumping, jumping, everybody)
You are really good at this.
(The entire family jumps.)
(I am jumping very well today, right?)
William, you can jump very well.
You could become a basketball player.
(It's this one.)
Slam dunk!
(Slam dunk on a trampoline)
(Amazing)
(He dunks every time he holds the ball.)
You are really good.
Slam dunk.
(William is an aspiring basketball player.)
(You have a good success rate.)
You are doing as well as Michael Jordan.
(I will make your dream come true.)
(Rustling)
(Sam is making something.)
(What are you doing, Dad?)
Man Doo and Ga Ji are pretty old now.
I am afraid they will get sick.
A doghouse will keep them warm.
I could buy it,
but they might not use...
the one I bought.
That's why I am making it.
If they like it, I will buy one for them.
He begins to make a house for Ga Ji and Man Doo.
- Dad. - I am Dad.
I am your dad.
(What is this?)
Don't take it off, William.
You need to help me.
Do you want to do that?
(This time,)
(he really interrupts Sam's work.)
Be careful, mate.
(He is absorbed in building a roof.)
(Why is it quiet?)
(The sheet of paper got on him.)
(Here is another one.)
(What is this?)
Those are wings.
(William suffers repercussions.)
(How dare you!)
(The 13-month-old grabs the back of his neck.)
William, can you see what I made?
Man Doo.
(Man Doo enters the doghouse first.)
There you go. Sit.
(He gets a house after 13 years.)
Paw. Give me your paw.
(I know you like it.)
(The doghouse is nice.)
(Ga Ji enters as well.)
Come here.
Sit.
There you go.
(I have never been this comfortable before.)
(I am envious.)
Did you see that? Give me a big hand.
(Sam's house gets residents.)
High five.
(However)
- Get out. - How pretty!
How pretty!
(Everyone wants to live in Sam's house.)
(Ga Ji ends up leaving.)
William, Ga Ji came out because of you.
(He looks dejected.)
(This is too much.)
(Let me check the interior design.)
It's Man Doo's house.
Hey.
(I own this house.)
(Sulking)
Ga Ji needs to live there.
Come on out. You shouldn't be there.
Come on out.
I will make something tasty.
(He uses this chance to enter the house.)
It seems like...
William likes the house Sam made.
(He kicks out Man Doo...)
(and tries to make the house his.)
(That's right. This is Ga Ji's house.)
Ga Ji. Ga Ji.
(Did he call my name?)
(Ga Ji, come here.)
Ga Ji.
(Will you live with me?)
(Grinning)
(What about me? They are excluding me.)
(Man Doo feels lonely.)
Hey, hey.
What are you doing in there?
- Will you live in it? - Yes.
Okay.
(He even brought a blanket.)
Will you live in it?
Do you like it?
Give me your hand.
(Come on out.)
Watch your head.
I made it for Man Doo and Ga Ji.
Man Doo and Ga Ji need to live in it.
Gosh, who pooped?
(William heads to the kitchen.)
(He says hello to the camera.)
Mom, hi.
(It's me.)
(Grabbing)
Is pooping the only thing you can do?
You are like a poop factory.
He takes a snack without Sam's knowledge...
and heads somewhere.
(How is this my life?)
(I like it here because it's soft.)
I am a bit worried.
(This is fun.)
(He drops snacks on the bed.)
My goodness.
William.
(Freeze)
(Unfreeze)
(It's a mess.)
William.
(He is not in the doghouse.)
(He made a mess while Sam was preoccupied.)
Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
You are unbelievable.
(You know what you did.)
I need to clean up thanks to you.
Why did you spill so much?
(That looks fun.)
You need to work since you made this mess.
(William finishes up.)
(William is still excited.)
(Sighing)
(The living room is a mess too.)
William. William.
I think we need to clean the house.
Will you help me?
You aren't helping.
Ga Ji.
(Ga Ji, don't be like that.)
William, do you want to try it?
Try it. Can you do it by yourself?
Use both of your hands.
(William can do it.)
(I will clean the house thoroughly.)
Is it heavy?
Good job.
(I will do the rest.)
William is starting to cause troubles.
Sam, this is the beginning.
(I won't make a mess next time.)
Moscow is the capital of Russia.
(Novorossiysk, Moscow)
What is this building inside a dense forest?
(What is this building?)
It's an ice stadium.
(Incredible speed)
Short track speed skating that requires...
quickness and skills is taking place.
(Short track speed skating?)
On the ice, a fierce match is taking place.
Who will be the hero of the day?
(Is there a Superman dad?)
A toddler appears.
(A toddler appears at the ice stadium.)
She walks as if she is familiar with the place.
Whom did this cute girl come to meet?
(I am here to cheer for my dad.)
- Dad, Dad. - Dad, Dad.
(Dad, Dad, Dad.)
She is loved by everyone in the ice rink.
(She is popular.)
She is friends with everyone.
(She can talk to a Russian man.)
(He is a funny man.)
She is popular no matter where she goes.
(She is a superstar of the ice rink.)
(Who is her dad?)
Dad.
Shall we meet the Superman dad?
(A gun shot)
(My goodness.)
(The dad is leading.)
He is coming.
(He skates with speed.)
(He is doing well.)
(The final match is neck-and-neck.)
(Dad, come on.)
(The bell lets them know it's the last lap.)
Good.
Come here.
(He wins the 500m race.)
Let's give him a big hand. He came in first.
Dad.
How nice!
It's very nice.
Victor An, Moscow.
It's Victor An, the king of speed skating.
(Superman of the day is Victory An.)
Hello, I am dad of Jane, a 19-month-old girl.
I am Victor An, a speed skater.
I moved to Russia...
about six years ago.
I am very thankful for my wife.
She came to me when I was struggling.
Even though...
her family and friends are in Korea,
she moved to Russia for me.
It must have been a difficult decision.
She believed in me and moved to Russia...
to be my support.
I am thankful for that.
After she moved to Russia,
(They used to live in a studio apartment.)
she struggled a lot because of me.
I wouldn't be here without her.
That's why I wanted to give her a break.
When I was dating him, I realized that...
(Woo Na Ri, Jane's mom)
I want to give him a hug.
He always seemed sad.
He seemed like a lonely man...
who didn't have anyone by his side.
That's why I strongly felt...
I should remain by his side.
(Then Jane came to them.)
Then the best present visited them.
(Even the heartbeat sounds special.)
That's how they became a family of three.
(She is another haven for Victor.)
Victor started his life as Jane's dad.
A girl with round eyes, Jane An.
(She is a daughter.)
(Victor and Jane will share 48 hours.)
It's nice.
(Fall into my cuteness.)
(It's nice.)
(She shows off her charms.)
In 1, 2.
(They spend 48 hours in an incredible way.)
(It starts now.)
It's a small town that is located in Moscow.
(Khimki, Moscow)
(When you pass a quiet residential area,)
An family's house is in this town.
(you will find Jane's house.)
Shall we go inside?
The living room and kitchen...
are decorated in Nordic style.
(The couple decorated the place.)
Every prop has their touch.
(There are family pictures on the wall.)
There are family pictures...
as well as the presents from the fans.
(Let's go to the 2nd floor.)
Shall we go up the stairs to the second floor?
The second floor is a resting area.
On the wall are Victor's medals.
There are a lot of medals.
(There are gold medals from the Olympics.)
There is a cute room for Jane.
(This is Jane's room.)
There is a bedroom for the couple.
Let's meet Jane's family in the morning.
(Blinking)
(Stretching)
Mom.
(Mom?)
Mom. Mom.
You should sleep some more.
(He hands her a stuffed rabbit.)
Give Okie a kiss.
(Kissing)
(Peek-a-boo)
(Mom, where were you?)
Jane.
Mom was gone, right?
Hey!
(Hugging)
My goodness.
(Jane gives Mom a morning kiss.)
Thank you. Give Dad a kiss.
Give Dad a kiss, Jane.
(I refuse.)
Mom will give Dad a kiss.
(Then I will give him a kiss.)
(Lovey-dovey)
(Stop kissing and come on out.)
All right.
Yes.
(Stiff)
Okay.
(She finds an uncle inside the tent.)
Who is that?
Say hello.
(She walks forward confidently...)
(and steps back.)
(Shy)
You should say hello.
Are you embarrassed?
Hello.
(They come to the living room.)
What is that?
Watch what I am drawing.
A heart.
- You said, "A heart". - A heart.
- I love you. - I love you.
A heart.
There you go. Both hands should go up.
There you go.
Say hello.
(Hello, Uncle.)
Wink to Uncle.
Wink, wink.
She looks exactly like you.
Which one is Jane and which one is Victor?
She looks like a son.
Why does she look like a son today?
She isn't wearing a ponytail.
Don't treat her like a son.
Look forward.
(Her mom takes an emergency measure.)
(She puts Jane's hair in a ponytail.)
Jane, ask your dad to do your hair nicely.
(Sitting still)
3, 4, 5 times.
Then pull the top part.
(Does she look like a daughter now?)
You should do it too.
What do you want for breakfast?
Jane, what do you want for breakfast?
Honey, this is the last meal...
you will get from me.
(Thinking)
Tteokbokki.
Tteokbokki? For breakfast?
(Surprised)
- Jane. - Would you be okay?
Do you want tteokbokki?
- Yes. - Yes.
While his wife makes breakfast...
Will you carry it around?
Victor goes to the workout room.
An athlete's morning sure is different.
(He has a lot of scars.)
(He works out his abs.)
(One, two)
(She comes into the room.)
You are here.
Do you want to copy me?
I put one foot forward like that, right?
I put one foot forward like that.
Jane, do you want to do this?
Do this.
(Why is my body moving backwards?)
Lean forward. Lean forward.
Lean sideways. Lean sideways.
Meanwhile, Na Ri makes breakfast...
for Victor and Jane.
Because Victor and Jane like Korean food,
Na Ri makes Korean dishes for three meals a day...
with the ingredients she brought from Korea.
She is incredible.
(It contains fish cake and spring onion.)
(Jane's breakfast is complete.)
Are you hungry? Do you want breakfast?
Breakfast.
Do you want breakfast?
Look at tteokbokki.
It looks tasty.
What do you need to drink before you eat?
- Water. - Water. That's right.
Honey, why aren't you eating?
(Jane is ready to eat.)
- Should I cut it? - No.
Gosh, it's spicy.
I tried to make it less spicy.
(You are overreacting.)
- It's spicy. - It's a bit spicy.
Does it look tasty?
Do you want to try it?
- She can't eat it. - Do you want to try it?
She can't eat it.
- You don't want it. - No?
(Taken aback)
She can't eat it. Her bottom will be red.
- It's hot. - It's hot.
Your bottom will be red.
- It's tasty, right? - Yes.
- Is it soft? - Yes.
It was in the fridge for a few days.
It's soft.
(Jane takes after Victor and eats well.)
(She takes a big bite.)
- I won't be here. - Let's take a bite.
It's the last bite.
- It's the last bite. - Open wide.
- Let's go for a walk. - Jane, open wide.
Let's go for a walk.
Don't act cute.
(Let's eat this, my daughter.)
(I wanted to play around with Dad.)
He got you.
It's the last bite.
Eat well when Dad cooks, Jane.
Okay?
You can do well without me, right?
I am worried.
- Let's do this. - Let's do this.
Let's go.
- Cheers. - Cheers.
- Jane, wash your face. - That's right.
I got these packages yesterday evening...
at the training center.
(There are 2 packages from Korea.)
- Jane, look at these. - This one is heavier.
Please take it.
Let's take them inside.
Come here.
- Jane. - Let's open them.
Let's see what's inside.
(My goodness.)
We usually receive Jane's items.
Jane, do you know what a happy moment it is?
- Jane. - I think it's Jane's.
Look at this.
- It's a present for Jane. - What is this?
- It's a heart. - Let's see what's inside.
- What's that? - Snacks.
- These are snacks. - Snacks.
- You want to try it. - It's very spicy.
(It's a spicy cup noodle from Korea.)
What is this?
(Amazed)
- Isn't it a nesting doll? - It's wearing hanbok.
(A nesting doll in hanbok)
It looks interesting.
Jane, ask Dad to show you something fascinating.
Look at this, Jane.
Let me take out another one.
There is another one.
Open it.
- It's very cute. - I know.
(These nesting dolls look unique.)
(Studying carefully)
It's Jane. It's her in the picture.
It's Jane.
It looks exactly like her.
I know.
Jane, this is you.
This is you.
Open it.
- There is another doll. - There is another doll.
Jane, it looks exactly like your pajamas.
It's pretty. Give it a kiss.
- A kiss. How pretty! - Give it to me.
When I do this...
(Let's see. Now, it looks exactly like me.)
The bottom part...
Jane.
(Surprised)
It's a carrier blanket.
This wig will make you look less like a son.
Jane.
(My goodness.)
There are three wigs.
- This one is short. - Jane, choose a style.
- Try on a wig. - You want to try it on.
(Hurry up and put it on me.)
(Smiling)
Jane, let's put it on.
I will make you look pretty.
Jane, look at me.
(Ta-da)
You don't like it. Go look in the mirror.
- Go look in the mirror. - Look in the mirror.
Look in the mirror. My goodness.
She looks so cute.
(She goes to look in the mirror.)
She is so pretty!
Does it tickle? You look very pretty.
- Look at me. - How pretty!
- She looks so cute. - Jane.
Jane, look at Uncle.
Act cute, Jane.
My goodness.
- My goodness. - Wink at him.
Wink, wink.
Look in the mirror.
Doesn't she look different with all that hair?
- She looks cute. - She looks like you.
Look in the mirror.
She will want to try it on.
(What's the next present?)
(There is a message on the clothing.)
"Stop asking. She is a daughter."
- This. - It's written in Russian.
It's correct, right?
"Stop asking. She is a daughter."
Russian is written on the back.
It's like Jane's birthday today.
"I have been a fan for many years."
"I have always cheered for you..."
"throughout your success and struggles."
"The fans gathered around to send you this present."
"It's nothing special, but I hope you enjoy it."
(The fans still cheer for him.)
- Thank you. - Thank you.
Jane, let's go and shop for groceries.
While I am gone,
you will need...
groceries.
After that...
After we get groceries,
- we should part. - That's right.
It will be better than saying goodbye at home.
You will do well, right?
How pretty!
(I don't know what you mean, but sure.)
Will you be able to do well?
(Na Ri is more worried about Victor.)
Jane, look at the camera.
Wink.
(She winks and blows a kiss.)
Blow a kiss.
(This is how big a mart is in Russia.)
(She wore a dress from the fans.)
Let's go, Jane.
Jane, come here.
Jane, you can ride a cart.
(I am all grown up.)
- She doesn't want to. - No?
(They begin to explore the mart.)
Now...
Milk. Milk.
Milk.
- Buy it. - Milk. Milk.
Let's go, Jane. We have milk at home.
There is a lot of milk for you.
We don't need more yet.
(Then we shouldn't overspend money.)
- She is fascinated. - Yes.
(Jane leads the way.)
She is roaming the mart.
Do you want to go that way?
Yes.
These cabbages aren't that great.
(Bumping)
Watch where you are going.
Hi. Hi.
(It's nice to meet you.)
What a cute baby! Hello.
Hello. Look at the baby.
- She is older. - Hello.
How pretty!
(Let's get the items in the cart.)
(Heave-ho)
- Thank you. - Good job.
- Do we need to weigh it? - Yes.
(How are the vegetables today?)
Jane, this is radish.
Hold it.
(This radish looks strange.)
It's food. It's tasty.
Why is it so thin and long?
- It's here. - Back ribs.
- Will you cook meat? - These are back ribs.
I like it.
Tasty.
Jane, let's go this way.
This isn't a place for Jane.
Look at these vodka.
There are so many varieties.
There is a large selection.
This is incredible.
(Everything in sight is alcohol.)
Which one have you tried?
I have only bought it as a gift.
You haven't tried anything.
(Let's see.)
Look at this.
It reads like "Let's fight" in Korean.
(Let's fight?)
That's the name of the alcoholic drink.
- Let's drink and fight. - Jane, look at this.
I like it.
Russia sure is different. I see alcohol everywhere.
Alcohol is cheap here.
(The same alcoholic drink is half the price.)
(Jane found something.)
What is it?
What?
(It's fresh bread.)
- It's bread. - It's warm.
It's what we eat.
Hold it. Look at this.
(It's as big as her face.)
Let's get this one.
This costs less than 90 cents.
Really?
- That one is really big. - There is a bigger one.
- Jane, look at this. - I will hold it.
(It's as big as Jane.)
Isn't it really big?
- Bread. - Bread.
Bread.
(She opens her mouth.)
It only costs a dollar and 60 cents.
Really?
(It's very cheap.)
- It's a baguette. - A dollar and 60 cents.
- A dollar and 60 cents. - Water.
It looks like an earring.
Did you spill water? It's okay.
- Water. - Let's go.
It's okay. Let's go.
Let's go.
- Let's go. - We need to go.
- What is it? - She spilled water.
- Shall we go? - Use the end.
You want to wipe it.
My goodness, you are wiping it.
She is wiping it with her blanket.
I don't know what to do.
Are you cleaning up after yourself?
You are done. Let's go.
Okay.
Water.
She wants to wipe it.
(She sits down and wipes her shoes.)
We need to go, Jane.
Let's go.
Jane.
(He looks familiar.)
Good job.
- Let's go. - Let's go.
Let's get going.
- Hello. - Hello.
My name is Mihail.
Victor, I heard you were at our store.
I'd like to ask for an autograph.
My pleasure.
(On top of the ice cream freezer,)
(he signs an autograph with all his heart.)
(I want to sign one too.)
Jane says she wants to sign too.
(Thank you.)
Go ahead. Do it on the floor.
Jane, you can sign an autograph too.
Jane.
(Jane signs an autograph too.)
(It's an honor to meet you.)
(Acting cute)
Jane, you don't know what's going on at all.
- Jane. - Jane.
You know nothing, do you?
- Give Mom a kiss. - Bye.
Jane, Mommy is going.
We're going to meet tomorrow, okay?
Mommy is going. Bye.
Okay. Bye.
(She says her farewell rather nonchalantly.)
Bye.
(Honey, enjoy your free time.)
(Kissing)
- It's hard. Good luck. - Bye.
(Look forward to 48 hours of Victor and Jane.)
We're here. Let's go.
There's a moray eel there. Right there.
Guys, did you catch a lot?
Seung Jae is getting stronger day by day.
It's getting hard for me to keep up.
So I thought it'd be a nice experience.
And we could replenish our energy at the same time.
- He got it! - To invigorate Ji Yong,
Seung Jae and Ji Yong came to catch eels.
- Get it. - Let me!
I want to catch eels now.
(Seung Jae enters the tideland with high hopes.)
(What is this?)
- Are there many eels? - No, no.
They're not scary.
My feet are stuck.
Let's go there.
(He starts moving with some courage.)
Wait. I don't like it.
(But he can't hide the nervousness in his eyes.)
We are not eels.
(Flopping)
It's okay. The water can't get inside the pants.
(It's odd. My body isn't listening to me.)
(Moving carefully)
- There. Dad, get that. - Where?
(He spots an eel hiding in the mud.)
(The eel slithers past him.)
(This is nothing.)
(But the eel escapes.)
Goodness.
(Did you think I'd let you catch me?)
(Chuckling)
Where did it go?
- An eel got away. - Take a look at that.
That eel. Look. That eel is sleeping. Catch it.
(Flinching)
- Dad. - What?
Even if it's hard, you can pull your legs out...
like this. Just like this.
No, I can't get them out. They're stuck.
Here's one too.
(He goes to catch eels with Ji Yong's help.)
(Another kid intercepts the eel.)
Let's catch that one.
Hey, there's an eel.
Hey, that one. Go and catch the baby eel.
You can crawl with me.
No, I can't.
There's a mudskipper here too.
(He's puzzled. What just happened?)
Where's the eel?
- You want to catch eels? - Yes.
(What should I do?)
I'll throw the eels. You should catch them. Okay?
- He suggests another way. - Catch that one.
This is a joint operation of the Kos.
Put it in there. Oh, my.
- There's one. - Catch it.
(Seung Jae's hands are swift.)
There's another one. Please put that in.
They are the perfect pair.
How old is this one? How can it be so quick?
- This one is so fast. - It is, isn't it?
It ran away even when I caught it.
Hey, try to catch this.
- Look. This is huge. - That's huge.
- He caught a massive one. - You're good, Seung Jae.
- Are they your friends? - This is a grandpa,
and that one is a grandma.
Gosh, it's warm.
Seung Jae, let's wash out all the mud, okay?
(The spa with the ocean view has open.)
Wash this foot here too. Help me wash it too.
(Customers' satisfaction is the top priority.)
My hands are so muddy.
(Ji Yong is washing his muddy hands.)
(Trying to read his face)
(Oh, no. I peed.)
(What should I do?)
What are you doing?
(Dad, I made a bathroom with a nice view.)
All right. Let's wash your hair.
(What did you say?)
(He's going to wash with this yellow water?)
(No, that can't happen.)
No, I don't want to wash it.
(He lets go of the bucket.)
Seung Jae failed to hold onto the bucket.
How is he going to avert this crisis?
(The bucket with yellow water is approaching.)
(This is a critical moment!)
(This is it!)
Dad, you have to get splashed.
(Dad, you have to get splashed.)
Where will I get splashed?
(The best defense is a good offense!)
Why? What is it?
(Dad, you cannot come close.)
(Yes! I've successfully evaded the crisis.)
- Dad, you should wash. - Okay. I will.
(His outfit is a mess.)
Dad, your clothes are dirty.
Aren't my clothes dirty?
- Did you finish? - Yes.
- I finished washing him. - Gosh, they are dirty.
I forgot to bring an extra set of clothes.
- You forgot? - I forgot to bring pants.
Do you have a spare pair of pants?
Sure. If you go that way, you'll see my house.
I can lend you a pair.
I'll bring your pants, Dad.
- Are you sure? - Yes.
Where is your house?
You can go that way. It's not far.
The pants are at the house with the blue roof.
I will tell them to give you the pants, okay?
- Okay. Yes. - Be brave, and come back.
Go, go!
(Seung Jae sets out!)
Wait. What is that?
(He gets distracted from the start.)
Here it is. It's here.
Hello.
Is your mom here?
(Croaking)
That's a frog.
(Where is the frog?)
Hey, what are you? Are you a frog?
(He wants to catch it with his hands.)
(Jumping)
The frog is so fast.
(What are you doing, Seung Jae?)
(He puts the water bottle gently on the ground.)
Hey, frog. You should go in.
That's your house, isn't it?
Frog, go inside.
This is your house. Hey, come in.
Frog!
(Oh, no. It left.)
Let's go.
(Seung Jae hurries as he thinks about his dad.)
What are you doing?
I'm catching fish.
Fish? Did you catch any fish?
Yes, I caught three fish.
- Please show me. - You want to see?
- Let's see. - Let's see.
I like fish.
- You do? - Yes.
This is how the fish looks.
(His smile disappears when he sees the fish.)
(What have you done to the fish?)
You should put it in the river.
(You should put it in the river.)
Put it in deep water.
When I put it in, it swims away.
You should put it in the river.
That's how it can breathe.
(He puts it in the net. The net is in the water.)
Are you happy now?
No. Take it out of the net.
- You're not? - Put it without the net.
The fish can only live without the net.
You have to let the fish live.
- Okay. - Please promise me.
I'm going to release them later.
You must put them in the water for them to live.
Okay. What a nice boy.
I have to go get my dad's pants.
I will be on my way to find them.
Hang in there!
There's the blue roof!
Is this the house? Mister!
Yes? Are you here for the pants?
Are you here for the pants?
Yes, I'm here for the pants.
- What's your name? - The blue-roofed house...
- What's your name? - I'm Ko Seung Jae.
Is it Ko Seung Jae?
- This is a puppy. A pup. - What?
What is this?
You're full of questions.
You're so curious.
(He's full of curiosity.)
Do you have the pants?
Yes, give them to your dad.
(Seung Jae goes away when he gives the pair.)
Take this pair to your dad.
I'll give you the yogurt drink. Here it is.
- Mister. - Yes?
But what about some candy?
I don't have candy. I'll give you the drink.
- I'll give you this. - Yogurt drink.
Have a seat and drink this.
Thank you.
(It tastes the sweetest on an errand.)
You're drinking it.
(He drinks it without taking a breath.)
All right.
(He even gargles with the drink.)
You drank it all.
Did you like it?
- Take them to your dad. - Thank you.
Sure. Good boy.
(Ji Yong is about to turn into a stone waiting.)
What's taking him so long?
Dad. Dad!
Seung Jae.
(You had to wait long, didn't you?)
Why isn't it coming?
(He's readjusting.)
- Dad, I have your pants. - Yes?
My pants?
You brought me such a nice pair.
Dad, these are for you.
Are they for me?
I think they will fit.
Dad, these will fit too.
- These too? - Yes.
The pink one is nice.
- This one? - Yes.
(Seung Jae has a particular taste.)
- Wear that one. - Okay, I will.
Okay. Hurry up and change your pants.
Okay, I'll go get changed.
(Elegant white sneakers...)
(and wine-colored pants look fancy together.)
(Lady Ji Yong)
(2017 fall and winter trend)
Look at all your friends.
You have to sit here for the eels to come out.
(This looks like a grill...)
(Side dishes are coming out.)
(I thought eels lived in water...)
(It's here!)
(Wait...)
(Squirming)
(Hello, Seung Jae)
Don't cut the eel.
(Right...)
I realized then.
I only thought about how tasty it would be.
I forgot how they serve it.
(He especially loves sea creatures. )
Should we eat it?
(We're going to eat the crab?)
(How can I eat my friends?)
(Teary)
You get strong if you eat eels.
See? What did he say?
(Will his friend help Seung Jae?)
I don't want to eat it.
(He's feeling sad because of the eel.)
- You don't want it? - No.
Okay. We'll ask for something else.
If we eat it, it'll die.
Okay, okay.
Okay. Do you feel bad for the eel?
I'm sorry.
He's crying too much. Could you cook it inside?
Yes.
I'm sorry. Bye, eel.
Turn it back into an eel.
Fix the eel...
- Fix the eel. - Okay, I will.
The owner will put him back together.
(Here is the eel doctor.)
(He's suspicious.)
I'm putting the eel back together.
He's putting it back together.
This is like pork.
Let's have the meat with rice, okay?
Can you eat it now?
(The eel is disguised as pork.)
(Ji Yong is taking a bite first.)
Did you get stronger?
Yes, I think I'm getting stronger.
I'm getting strong.
(Seung Jae is taking a bite.)
(It tastes pretty good.)
(This meat is good!)
- I think I'm stronger. - Have one more.
Mister, I...
I will finish all the food in two spoonfuls.
Then you can eat a second eel.
(What?)
(We just calmed him down...)
It's not an eel. It's pork.
Oh, is it pork?
I don't like to eat eels.
Dad. Is the owner...
- putting him together? - Yes, he is.
Seung Jae, if you finish this,
he'll bring out the eel.
(He's so cute.)
Here comes another one. Is it good?
Yes.
(I can't help but laugh.)
(Look at the muscles I got from the meat.)
This modern living room is filled with warm light.
Whose house could this be?
(Whose house is this?)
The bedroom looks clean.
There's an island in the kitchen.
(The kitchen is clean and modern too.)
In the lovely children's room,
there are three scooters.
There is an area that stands out.
It's full of gym gear.
(It's a home gym set in the balcony.)
(Could this place belong to an athlete?)
Here is a crucial clue. There are many trophies.
For some reason, they look familiar.
(Wait!)
The trophy's owner is Dong Gook.
The Lee family must have moved.
My job requires me to move a lot.
We moved many times,
and it was always during a game.
I was out of the country...
for a game again this time.
I feel bad because we always move without me.
I'm thankful but I also feel bad.
Did you sleep well?
- Yes. - I feel strange.
This is my first time in the new place.
I came last night,
so I don't know what's what.
Dad, I got hurt here...
at our original house.
What's original house and what's this house?
(Where are we?)
What is this place?
Our new place.
Yes, this is our new place.
What about the old house?
Songdo house.
Songdo house? Where are we now?
The new house.
- Yes, the new house. - New house.
Guys.
Where did you get that?
(This sign accompanied the kids last week.)
You were gone to play soccer.
The fake dad came.
Real dad was gone,
so fake dad came.
Do you like him or me?
- This one. - What about Si An?
Real dad.
I'm curious.
What did you do when you met the teacher?
- Attention. - Attention.
Who was the leader?
Si An.
Were you the leader?
Father.
- Father. - Good.
- Father. - Father.
- Goodnight. - Goodnight.
I just woke up. Should I sleep again?
- Hello. - It's good morning.
Good morning.
Good. Did you all sleep well?
- Yes. - Now that we moved,
we should show Grandpa the new house.
(They're calling Dong Gook's dad.)
Grandpa.
- Si An. - Attention.
- Good morning. - Good morning.
Si An, do you like the new house?
I like it.
- Do you? - Yes.
(Grandpa, come visit us.)
After you move,
you should hang pollack on a silk thread.
Dried pollack?
Dried pollack. Hang a big one.
Make some rice cakes...
and give a lot to your neighbor below.
Because the kids run?
Yes, they run too much.
You should go and say hello.
- I'll do that. - Okay.
You should visit sometime.
- Okay. Bye. - Okay.
Bye.
- It's here. - Dad.
Look, these are rice cakes.
- Hello. - Hello.
- I ordered on the phone. - It's rice cakes!
- Yes. - Rice cakes!
This one is good...
No, no. We're not here for those.
- What are we buying? - Steamed rice cakes.
Steamed rice cakes?
This is ours, Si An.
(He ordered 24 packages.)
(They're being put into a plastic bag.)
This one.
Are you going to put some there?
- Yes. - You can do it.
Si An.
Yes?
We should share the load since we're both men.
It would be unfair for me to carry it all.
(No!)
Let's split it in half.
- What? - Let's do half and half.
(I can't hear you.)
You tend to ignore me when it's disadvantageous.
I think it'll be heavy.
(Si An is rushing out.)
Si An. You're carrying just two rice cakes.
Look how many I have.
Look. I have so many.
Take as many as you can help me.
(Gosh...)
- This one? - Yes.
As much as you can take.
Take as much as you can carry.
(3 is all I can carry.)
Just three? You're being cheap.
I'm carrying so many.
Are you only going to carry three?
(Yes!)
You have a bag too. Let's put some in here.
Don't be cheap. I have so many.
(Dong Gook is trying to give Si An more.)
(One more rice cake in the backpack...)
Another one.
(He's adding one more.)
I have too many, right?
Dad, it's too heavy.
If you want to become an adult,
you have to carry this.
- Bye. - Take care.
Si An, this way.
Si An.
- Si An. - Si An.
My name is Si An.
(Si An is being delayed.)
Dad, it's too heavy.
Mine is heavier.
I don't have any hands.
It's too heavy.
Is it too heavy? Let me see.
I'll carry one.
I'll take one. Carry it.
Okay.
(Dong Gook is evil.)
Let's go.
(Si An hasn't sensed it.)
(Why does it still feel so heavy?)
It's not hard anymore, right?
It's a little hard.
Wave hello to the man on the bicycle.
(Hello, Si An.)
Say hello to that man.
Hello.
(Dong Gook is fast with the rice cakes.)
Let's go. Carry it.
- Let's go. - It's heavy!
What?
It's heavy!
Okay, give me one.
Take this out!
You put it in, right?
No. It must have jumped. Give it to me.
Put it in. Let's go.
(Si An is still suspicious.)
One, two.
- Two. - Two?
- Come here, Si An. - Yes?
It's so heavy. Should we eat one?
Yes.
I'll eat my own.
(He wants to make his load lighter.)
Here.
No, we'll eat mine.
(Are we eating yours?)
Go feed the cameraman.
We just moved. Eat some.
Have a rice cake.
Thank you. I'll eat it.
(I better eat as much as I can.)
(Chewing)
Let's go, Si An.
Carry it.
(Already? We only ate yours.)
Let's eat Si An's.
What?
(Dong Gook is laughing at what Si An said.)
Okay, okay. We'll eat yours now.
(You're getting smart.)
Hey, it's a policeman.
- It's a policeman. - Salute.
Salute.
(Salute...)
We just moved.
- Enjoy the rice cake. - Say salute.
Salute.
Have a good day.
Si An.
Yes?
Should we play rock-paper-scissors?
Okay.
Dad, you go like this and I'll go like this.
(Dad versus Si An)
I should do this and you'll do this?
Do you trust me?
(No way...)
If you lose, you have to carry this.
- We have to switch. - Okay.
- Rock-paper-scissors. - Rock-paper-scissors.
(Dad will let me win, right?)
(Dong Gook wins!)
(Why did you play a rock?)
(He's grabbing Si An's basket.)
Let's go.
What?
(Fussing)
Okay, I'll give you one more chance.
I'll give you a chance.
(Si An's plan was ruined.)
(Si An is completely upset.)
Yes. You must be upset.
This is how you learn.
All right.
(There's no dad you can trust.)
All done. Are you done crying?
Let's go buy banana milk, okay?
(He's calming Si An down with banana milk.)
Let's consider it never happened...
and make up like real men.
Give me a punch. Come on.
Come on, let's be a men. I'll buy you banana milk.
Hold this. I'll hold this until the crosswalk.
I'll carry it for you until then.
(They're still sharing the load.)
You can't cry like that just because you lost.
No one will want to play the game with you again.
Sometimes you win and sometimes you lose.
Isn't that right?
You shouldn't be so narrow-minded.
You should be thoughtful.
Become a bigger person.
All right. Go downstairs and hand these to them.
Use two hands. Good luck!
(Today's delivery man is Si An.)
Should I ring the bell?
(Jumping)
(I can't reach it.)
(I'll just knock instead.)
We just moved.
Hello. Hello.
Hello.
We just moved. Please enjoy it.
- How old are you? - How old are you?
He's younger. He's three years old.
Let's get along.
- Bye. - Thank you.
Hello?
- Gosh, Si An. - Hello.
Hello. Nice to meet you.
I came to give you rice cakes.
- Are you giving it to me? - Yes.
- Is it for me? - Yes.
Gosh, thank you.
I won't run.
Okay, thank you.
Let's take a picture.
- Good luck. - One, two, three.
Good luck.
- Bye, Si An. - Thank you. Bye.
- Bye. See you soon. - Okay.
(Where is he going last?)
(Who is that?)
- I'm here. - Who are you?
- I'm Si An. Si An. - Who? Come in.
I came to give you rice cakes.
Thank you. I'll enjoy it.
Who is your dad?
Lee Dong Gook.
Are you Si An?
I'm Si An.
How old are you?
Four? You're the same as my granddaughter.
Thank you.
No problem. Salute.
Salute.
- Okay. - Bye.
- See you. - Okay.
- The dried pollack... - Do you untie it?
Wrap it like this?
- Tie it. - Yes, like this.
What do you do next?
- Okay, follow me. - Okay.
Are you really hanging it?
In the olden days...
- Are we hanging it? - Yes.
Okay, say hello to the pollack.
Hello, fish.
It's pollack.
Hello, pollack.
Wow, look at that!
Si An!
- I'm done. - Si An.
Soo A. Si An.
- Si An has a basket hat. - Guys, come here.
How was it, Si An? What did they say?
They thanked me.
What a good boy. Good job.
- Come here. - I came like this.
- Like this. - Did you come like that?
- Yes. - Come here.
Good job.
Si An.
(What is William doing?)
(The television sound woke him up.)
(He's getting down from the bed alone.)
(Toddling)
(The door is blocking me.)
(Sam is busy watching television.)
(He's putting in his hand first.)
(I'll escape through the gap.)
(He's pushing with his whole body.)
Good morning.
William.
(Did you call me?)
(Happy)
(He has a million-dollar smile.)
(Hugging)
Cuddle.
(I live because of you.)
What should we do now that you're up?
(What do we do in the morning?)
(Brush, brush)
(He's imitating brushing his teeth.)
That's right. Let's brush our teeth.
Let's brush it together.
(Let's go to the washroom.)
Mom. Mom.
I'm probably Dad.
(He has William on his legs.)
(It's a magic spell for brushing teeth.)
(He's getting all the corners.)
(He's under a teeth-brushing spell.)
(Korean Dental Association likes this video.)
We just did it. Let's wash your face.
(He's getting his face washed.)
(That feels good.)
(He's making manly sounds.)
(He wants to go outside.)
Okay. Here.
Go.
(Yes, let's go play!)
William.
Look.
(Where are they?)
There's so much water.
The view is wonderful at Han River.
Hey.
- Hey. - Hello.
(Everyone is here.)
(The foreign dads are saying hello.)
Hello.
Hey, guys.
(Nice to see you!)
You're good.
Keep your head up.
I have some friends I made in Korea.
I told them I'm expecting our second child,
so they came to see me and congratulate me.
They're in the same situation as I am.
They all have two kids.
I have a friend that's in fitness consulting.
He hosts an English radio show.
He's teaching English.
Hello.
Do you want to say hi as well?
- Hi. - There is a big...
She's so big now.
- Hi. - Hello.
- She's so big. - William is big.
William is so big now.
She eats more than her older brother.
- Three months. - Three months?
- What about Estella? - Two.
Two.
(They're going off in different directions.)
She's so big for her age.
Come back, baby. Come back, come on.
No, no, no.
- Come back. - Let's go.
William, let's go.
Let's go with your friends.
Us moms go to kids' cafes too.
I guess foreign dads do the same.
This place is huge.
William, let's ride this.
You love watermelons.
(It's a watermelon tube.)
(Excited)
- Dad! - What is it?
William.
(He's heading for William.)
(It's a super dive.)
(There is a wave of balls.)
I'm sinking.
(William is buried.)
(What is this?)
Hello. It's okay.
He's saying what's going on.
(It's not okay.)
Let it go.
(Screaming)
(William is struggling.)
Once you say stop...
- Come here. - Let it go.
Leila!
(Let's play.)
We're tanning. We're catching some tans.
(It's a dad joke.)
He has the two teeth thing happening.
You're so cute.
You're cute.
William, you're cute.
(Then...)
(Diving)
William!
Sam is in an emergency.
How will William react?
Help me!
William! Help me!
(I think he's joking.)
(Ignoring)
(He's not falling for it?)
- William! William! - He's gone!
(What? Is this real?)
Help me!
(William is starting to get worried.)
Help me.
William, help me!
(William is swimming through the pool.)
Dad!
(He's working hard to move the balls.)
(Sam's head is finally showing.)
Dad!
(He's so excited that he's waving.)
Dad.
(Ta-da!)
(It's dad.)
(He successfully saved his dad.)
Where's your dad?
Kiss.
(Even the pool can't come between us.)
(Kissing)
(Sam and William love each other.)
Clap. Clap.
Let's drink something. I'm hot.
With daddy. Come.
(It's break time.)
Did you all go to a maternity ward...
after giving birth?
- No, we didn't. - No.
- We went straight home. - Really?
But then my wife went to her grandma's.
She stayed there.
- Really? - Yes.
We met 20 years ago.
We've been married for 3, almost 4 years now.
She was sitting at a table next to me and asked me...
where I'm from in English.
I told her to guess.
She asked me if I'm from England.
(My fate came to me like a coincidence.)
I met my wife...
in Itaewon in a club.
In a club in Itaewon?
(The dads are busy chatting.)
(Food?)
(Is he hungry?)
(William's stomach is calling for food.)
Food.
William, are you hungry?
Are you hungry? Let's eat.
- It's time for dinner. - Let's go.
Hey, now we're talking.
So...
(Yes, rice balls!)
Yes? Now?
You like it?
William, is it good?
Kids should eat,
- but we should eat too. - Hey.
Over back there is a convenience store.
When I come to Han River, it's for ramyeon.
Ramyeon.
- Who's going to... - Rock...
- Rock-paper-scissors? - For the convenience?
- Rock-paper-scissors? - Okay.
Winners will go buy, and losers will stay.
- Okay. - That's a good one.
That's a great deal.
- Rock-paper-scissors. - Rock-paper-scissors.
(Paper, scissors, scissors, paper)
(Yes, we're going to the store!)
- We're the winners. - Losers.
(Oh my goodness!)
- Stay here. - Sit down.
(Why am I getting teary?)
Good luck.
- William. - Sam.
Sam. William.
(Did you call me Sam?)
(Laughing)
You were calling him Sam.
Big Sam and small Sam.
William is a small Sam.
Small Sam.
- Dad. Dad. - Dad? Dad?
He's going to go get food.
This store is pretty good.
It's really good. Great selection.
Do you want tteokbokki?
These two taste good together.
Deals.
(Sam is surprised.)
They don't have stir-fried kimchi.
(He's practically Korean.)
All right.
Look at these things.
The cooker is over here. They're special cookers.
It's my first time eating ramyeon in my whole life.
- It's your first time? - It's my first time.
- What did you push? - The one on the far left.
(One button will give them water.)
Done.
Ramyeon cookers only exist in Korea.
Instant ramyeon at Han River is tasty.
(The ramyeon is boiling.)
Sam!
(It's chaotic here.)
I wasn't trained for this.
- Me neither. - I wasn't trained.
Sam! What's taking you so long?
Cody, hurry up.
- Cody, please hurry up! - Ladies and gentlemen,
food has arrived.
It's super hot, kids. Step back.
These have cheese in them.
I love it.
Yes, it's a good idea. I think it'll be...
- great. - It could be disaster.
(Slurping)
I'll have a little.
Good choice.
It's so delicious. It's so good.
I'm actually a big fan of chicken and beer.
Fried chicken. It's the good stuff.
Lunch.
Next time, let's get bossam and soju.
(I want to try bossam and soju.)
Lunch, maybe. My wife cooks dinner.
Bossam, pork bone soup, braised spicy chicken...
- Really? - At home?
Always at home. Yes.
I've never seen anyone make pork bone soup.
- Bossam. - Tteokbokki.
Yes, I've never seen it.
- One more time. - One more time?
Can I have a bite of food and then give you more?
One more time! One more time!
(Give me more water.)
It's so hard to eat with babies.
It's tough to do this with kids.
Yes.
Mommy! Mommy!
(He's covering his ears.)
William. What's wrong?
Is she too loud?
Estella, don't say anything.
Mommy!
(Leila is calming down William.)
William.
(Thank you, Leila.)
It's time. It's time for them to go to bed.
Thanks, guys. Thanks for coming out.
When number two comes out?
- That sounds good. - Good luck, buddy.
- We'll talk to you. - Good luck.
All right, all right.
(Good luck Sam! Let's gather soon!)